# PaymentStartResponseWithErrorMessages


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**payment_id** | **str** | The identifier of the newly initialized payment, generated by the Barion system. | [optional] 
**payment_request_id** | **str** | The payment identifier supplied by the API caller in the request. | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | The status of the payment in the Barion system. | [optional] 
**qr_url** | **str** | URL for a QR code representing the payment. | [optional] 
**recurrence_result** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**transactions** | [**List[ProcessedTransaction]**](ProcessedTransaction.md) | An array containing all transactions associated with the payment. If the Barion system deducts fees from the shop after payments, this also contains these additional fee transactions beside the payment transactions that were sent in the request. | [optional] 
**gateway_url** | **str** | The URL of the Barion Smart Gateway (including the payment identifier), where the API caller should redirect the payer. | [optional] 
**callback_url** | **str** | The URL (including the payment identifier) where the Barion system will send a request to whenever there is a change in the state of the payment. If an explicit URL was not supplied, this will be the callback URL associated with the shop that started the payment. | [optional] 
**redirect_url** | **str** | The URL (including the payment identifier) where the payer gets redirected to after the payment is completed or cancelled. If an explicit URL was not supplied, this will be the redirect URL associated with the shop that started the payment. | [optional] 
**three_ds_auth_client_data** | **str** | Encrypted client authentication data required for 3D Secure processing. This value can be used when the webshop first tried to complete the payment without user interaction, but the charge failed due to a 3D Secure challenge being mandatory. | [optional] 
**trace_id** | **str** | A unique value generated by the card issuer to track a chain of [recurring or token payments that require 3D Secure authentication](https://docs.barion.com/Token_payment_3D_Secure). This shall be used in such scenarios, otherwise it can be ignored. | [optional] 
**is_successful** | **bool** | Indicates whether the payment was successful | [optional] 
**errors** | [**List[Error]**](Error.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from clientapi_barion.models.payment_start_response_with_error_messages import PaymentStartResponseWithErrorMessages

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of PaymentStartResponseWithErrorMessages from a JSON string
payment_start_response_with_error_messages_instance = PaymentStartResponseWithErrorMessages.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(PaymentStartResponseWithErrorMessages.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
payment_start_response_with_error_messages_dict = payment_start_response_with_error_messages_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of PaymentStartResponseWithErrorMessages from a dict
payment_start_response_with_error_messages_from_dict = PaymentStartResponseWithErrorMessages.from_dict(payment_start_response_with_error_messages_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


