# PaymentStartRequestWithGoogleToken


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**payer_email_address** | **str** | The e-mail address of the Google Pay user. This is provided by Google. | 
**google_pay_token** | **str** | The Google Pay token. The encrypted Google Pay token that contains the card information. | 
**payment_type** | [**PaymentType**](PaymentType.md) | The type of payment, which can be either immediate or a money reservation. Reservation means that the shop has a time window to finish the payment (even though the money transaction still takes place immediately). Reservation amounts can be modified during this time window unless the new amount is lower than the original. | 
**reservation_period** | **str** | Only makes sense at reservation payments. This is the time window that allows the shop to finish (finalize) the payment. If this does not happen within the time window, the system refunds the payment amount to the payer. | [optional] 
**delayed_capture_period** | **str** | This is the time window that allows the shop to complete (finalize) the payment. If this does not happen within the time window, the system releases the payment amount. | [optional] 
**payment_window** | **str** | Time window for the payment to be completed. The payer must execute the payment before this elapses, or else the payment will expire and can no longer be completed. | [optional] 
**guest_check_out** | **bool** | Flag indicating whether the payment can be completed without a registered Barion wallet. Guest checkout can only be done with bank cards, and the payer must supply a valid e-mail address - this is necessary for fraud control. | 
**initiate_recurrence** | **bool** | This flag indicates that the shop would like to initialize a token payment. This means that the shop is authorized to charge the funding source of the payer in the future without redirecting her/him to the Barion Smart Gateway. It can be used for one-click and subscription payment scenarios. | [optional] 
**recurrence_id** | **str** | A string used to identify a given token payment. Its purpose is determined by the value of the InitiateRecurrence property. | [optional] 
**funding_sources** | **List[str]** | An array of strings containing the allowed funding sources that can be used to complete the payment. | 
**payment_request_id** | **str** | The unique identifier for the payment generated by the shop. This is so the shop can track its own payment identifiers. It is also useful for bookkeeping purposes since this shows up in the monthly account statement and the transaction history export, making identification of payments easier for the shop. | 
**payer_hint** | **str** | Required for &#x60;3DS&#x60;. The shop can supply an e-mail address as a hint on who should complete the payment. This can be used if the shop is certain about that the payer has an active Barion wallet or the shop would like to help the guest payer with filling in the email field for her/him. If provided, the Barion Smart Gateway automatically fills out the e-mail address field in the Barion wallet login form and the guest payer form, speeding up the payment process. | [optional] 
**card_holder_name_hint** | **str** | Required for &#x60;3DS&#x60;. The shop can provide a hint for the customer&#39;s name on the card to speed up the payment flow. If a value is provided, the cardholder name input will be pre-filled with it and the customer can use the pre-filled value instead of typing it out on its own, which speeds up the payment process. | [optional] 
**recurrence_type** | **str** | This enum indicates the type of recurrence that the payment represents. | [optional] 
**trace_id** | **str** | Required for &#x60;3DS&#x60;, when executing token payments. Identifies the nature of the token payment. | [optional] 
**redirect_url** | **str** | The URL where the payer should be redirected after the payment is completed or canceled. The payment identifier is added to the query string part of this URL in the &#x60;paymentId&#x60; parameter. If not provided, the system will use the redirect URL assigned to the shop that started the payment. | 
**callback_url** | **str** | The URL where the Barion system sends a request whenever there is a change in the state of the payment. The payment identifier is added to the query string part of this URL in the &#x60;paymentId&#x60; parameter. | [optional] 
**transactions** | [**List[PaymentTransaction]**](PaymentTransaction.md) | An array of payment transactions contained in the payment. A payment must contain at least one such transaction. | 
**order_number** | **str** | The order number generated by the shop. This is to aid the shop in identifying a given payment in its own system. This also shows up in generated monthly account statements and transaction history exports, so it also helps with bookkeeping. | [optional] 
**shipping_address** | [**ShippingAddress**](ShippingAddress.md) | Required for &#x60;3DS&#x60;. The shipping address associated with the payment, if applicable. Providing this is recommended because it helps the automatic anti-fraud analysis get more accurate results. | [optional] 
**locale** | **str** | This indicates in which language the Barion Smart Gateway should display for the payer upon redirect. | 
**currency** | **str** | The currency of the payment. Must be supplied in ISO 4217 format. This affects all transactions included in the payment; it is not possible to define multiple transactions in different currencies. | 
**payer_phone_number** | **str** | Required for &#x60;3DS&#x60;. The number must be sent in the expected format, without + sign or leading zero(s). | [optional] 
**payer_work_phone_number** | **str** | Required for &#x60;3DS&#x60;. The work phone of the payer. The number must be sent in the expected format, without + sign or leading zero(s). | [optional] 
**payer_home_number** | **str** | Required for &#x60;3DS&#x60;. The home phone number of the payer. The number must be sent in the expected format, without + sign or leading zero(s). | [optional] 
**billing_address** | [**BillingAddress**](BillingAddress.md) | Required for &#x60;3DS&#x60;. The billing address associated with the payment, if applicable. | [optional] 
**payer_account_information** | [**PayerAccountInformation**](PayerAccountInformation.md) | Required for &#x60;3DS&#x60;. Information about the account of the payer in the merchant&#39;s system. | [optional] 
**purchase_information** | [**PurchaseInformation**](PurchaseInformation.md) | Required for &#x60;3DS&#x60;. Information about current purchase. | [optional] 
**challenge_preference** | **str** |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from clientapi_barion.models.payment_start_request_with_google_token import PaymentStartRequestWithGoogleToken

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of PaymentStartRequestWithGoogleToken from a JSON string
payment_start_request_with_google_token_instance = PaymentStartRequestWithGoogleToken.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(PaymentStartRequestWithGoogleToken.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
payment_start_request_with_google_token_dict = payment_start_request_with_google_token_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of PaymentStartRequestWithGoogleToken from a dict
payment_start_request_with_google_token_from_dict = PaymentStartRequestWithGoogleToken.from_dict(payment_start_request_with_google_token_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


